Add documentation for frontend-shared package (#2986)
hypothesis/client: frontend-shared/docs/frontend-shared.md

# Frontend Shared Package

> The `frontend-shared` package is intended to serve as a common library for shared utilities, components and styles common to multiple Hypothesis front-end applications.

Reviewer: This sentence uses _common_ twice. 

```suggestion
The `frontend-shared` package is a library of shared utilities, components and styles common to multiple Hypothesis front-end applications.
```

The `frontend-shared` package source is located in `./frontend-shared` in this repository.

Note: The long-term goal is to move this package into its own repository. There are some short-term advantages to the current setup: it piggy-backs on existing tooling and gives developers the benefit of working with just one repository when making changes (which primarily benefit the `client` in the first place).

## How it works

Frontend-shared works by creating a symlink via `$ yarn link` between the working dir
`./frontend-shared/` and the installed dir `node_modules/@hypothesis/frontend-shared/`.

## Client setup

To set up `frontend-shared` in the client, run

```shell
$ make dev
```

as normal for development in the `client` application.

> 

Reviewer: Nit: There are some excess blank lines in this file.

This will trigger the `frontend-shared` build which:
- Builds transpiled JSX into the `frontend-shared/lib` directory
- Creates a linked package in the `node_modules/@hypothesis` folder (this is linked to `frontend-shared/lib`)

> When `$ make dev` is running, file changes will automatically trigger a rebuild. To rebuild manually, run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `$ make dev` is running, file changes will automatically trigger a rebuild. To rebuild manually, run:
```

```shell
$ gulp setup-frontend-shared
```

## Usage in other repositories

> If you have modified the `frontend-shared` package locally and would like to preview changes in another Hypothesis applications that imports the package --that is, if you want to test uncommitted changes in `frontend-shared` in another local repository before publishing changes then follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have modified the `frontend-shared` package locally and would like to preview changes in another Hypothesis applications that imports the package--that is, if you want to test uncommitted changes in `frontend-shared` in another local repository before publishing changes--follow these steps:
```

1. In this repository's directory
```shell
    $ gulp setup-frontend-shared
```

1. In the target repository
```shell
    $ yarn link @hypothesis/frontend-shared
```

> > Note: the package will need to be rebuilt after any changes are made to it before those changes can be seen in the consuming repository. This can be done by performing **either** of the following steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note_: the package will need to be rebuilt after any changes are made to it before those changes can be seen in the consuming repository. This can be done by performing either of the following steps:
```

Reviewer: (I happen to like the way that blockquote formatting _looks_ in GH-styled markdown, but this content isn't a quote.)

Reviewer: I don't think you have to emphasize _either_ if you use the "or" syntax as suggested below.

>   - Running `$ make dev` in this repository, which will automatically re-build on any file changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Run `$ make dev` in this repository, which will **automatically** re-build on any file changes, or
```

Reviewer: In this variant, I'm suggesting the emphasis of the bit of this option that is most relevant: this is the option to handle things automatically (same thing with _manually_ in following bullet).

>   - Run `$ gulp build-frontend-shared-js` in this repository to re-build manually after changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Run `$ gulp build-frontend-shared-js` in this repository to re-build **manually** after changes
```

> #### Removing the link

Reviewer: This explains what we're doing, but not why...

Author: Do you feel we should remove this? I added to the sentence to explain that it is used to revert to a released version rather than local.

Reviewer: No, I think it's useful. Let's leave it as-is for now, as some of this may change in the short term anyway.

> To remove the local link simply run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove the local link:
```
